# SystemAnalysisAndDesign

For this course I was instructed to begin working on a Project for a company called DriverPass that wanted to create a web based system that would allow users to login, take online tests and classes, and schedule in person driving sessions. The system would need to allow both users and DriverPass employees to create and edit accounts, enter personal information, and schedule, modify, or cancel in person reservations. I believe my business requirements document was particularly thorough in identifying the functional and nonfunctional requirements of the system, as well as the limitations and assumptions in development. Looking back on my completed Systems Requirement document, it tends to focus more on the login functions than the system as a whole. Givne the opportunity, I would expand my diagrams to include more functionality of the website and add more detail to my diagrams. 

Security was the biggest need I incorporated in my documents. Login authentication and verification were a big portion of my sytstems requirement document. The document also demonstrated the need for both employees and users to create profiles and reservations, as indicated by the client. Meeting the client's needs when developing a system is crucial, if you complete a system that doesn't meet the client's needs, then you have not provided them with the product they asked for and have essentially failed them. 

I enjoyed the process of developing the plan for creating the software. Laying out the requirements of the system first in the Business Requirements document, and using the requirements to then develop the diagrams and the Systems Requirement Document made the steps of development a clear and easy process. 
